Adapt README for Docker-first usage (#266)
wmde/banner-screenshots: README.md

the two configuration files, creating an [override docker-compose
configuration](https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/#multiple-compose-files).
Example:

	docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml up -d

## Starting the Environment

The screenshot tool needs background workers and a message queue (see architecture diagram below). To start these, run

	docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml up -d

This will start the background workers and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) and expose it on Port 5672 on the 
local machine.

## Creating Screenshots

### Downloading the campaign file for a branch

The URL for the campaign configuration file from the
[`wmde/fundraising-banners`
repository](https://github.com/wmde/fundraising-banners) is
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wmde/fundraising-banners/<BRANCH_NAME>/campaign_info.toml`.
Replace the placeholder `<BRANCH_NAME>` with the name of the branch you
want to use. To download the file you can use `wget` or `curl`. Examples:
	
	wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wmde/fundraising-banners/main/campaign_info.toml

> 	curl -o campaign_info.toml -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wmde/fundraising-banners/main/campaign_info.toml

Author: With our current setup, we'd almost never use main (since we want to test individual banner branches), so fetching the campaign info would look like 
  
    make BRANCH_NAME=C21_WMDE_Test_22 fetch-campaign-info

Still better than the long curl command, though.

The way I imagine our new workflow (each campaign in its own directory), we'd no longer branch and could always commit to main.

im- and export it in `src/test_functions/index.js` and specify its name in
`testFunctionName` in `index.js`.

## Local development

> To avoid the build cycle of the Docker images, you can also develop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making changes to the screenshot tool you can avoid the build cycle of the Docker images by running the environment in your local environment.
```

locally.

### Installing the dependencies

	npm install

### Run a rabbitmq instance

> 	docker run -d --name amqp.test -p 5672:5672 rabbitmq

Reviewer: Makefile:

```make
start-dev:
    docker run -d --name amqp.test -p 5672:5672 rabbitmq

stop-dev:
    docker stop rabbitmq
```

### Running the workers

You have to set the environment variables `QUEUE_URL` (e.g. `amqp://localhost`), `TB_SECRET` and `TB_KEY` (authentication data for testingbot) before running the scripts.

	npx ts-node metadata_worker.ts

> 	npx ts-node screenshot_worker.ts

Reviewer: I think these could go into our package.json as scripts?

Instead of the full-fledged screenshot worker you can also run
`simple_worker.js` which echoes the data it receives.

### Running the screenshot tool

> 	npx ts-node queue_screenshots.ts -c path/to/campaign_info.toml <CAMPAIGN_NAME>

Reviewer: It's not easier to run but something like this would make it more consistent if the other commands were in the paclage.json:

`npm run screenshot --info-path=path/to/campaign_info.toml --campaign=campaign`

Author: You'd have to stick another `--` in there to pass the parameters, leading to potential confusion (if you leave it out because of a copy-paste mistake or if you think it's a type in the docs):

`npm run screenshot -- --info-path=path/to/campaign_info.toml --campaign=campaign`

I think avoiding consistency is better in this case.
